Add codelab into README.md (#26)
grpc-ecosystem/grpc-codelabs: codelabs/grpc-go-opentelemetry/README.md

# Setup Basic gRPC OpenTelemetry Plugin for gRPC-Go

> # Before you Begin 

Author: Done

## **Prerequisites** 

* [**Go**](https://golang.org/), any one of the **two latest major** [releases of Go](https://golang.org/doc/devel/release.html).  
  For installation instructions, see Go’s [Getting Started](https://golang.org/doc/install) guide.  
* [**Protocol buffer**](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers) **compiler**, `protoc`, [version 3](https://protobuf.dev/programming-guides/proto3).  
  For installation instructions, see [Protocol Buffer Compiler Installation](https://grpc.io/docs/protoc-installation/).  

> * Use [this as a starting point](https://github.com/grpc-ecosystem/codelabs/tree/main/codelabs/Setup\_Basic\_OpenTelemetry\_Plugin\_In\_gRPC\_Go) for this codelab.

Reviewer: This is not right, the path was updated recently. Also we should point them to the start_here dir.  I think relative path might be easier here ?

```suggestion
* Use [this as a starting point](start_here/) for this codelab.
```

Author: Done
